I write a lot in my VIM console so I labeled it herthighs.txt so you all know I touched it.

Todo:
verical horse concept
the primordian mole rat
the irony testament
irony in life
how to prove we're connected


We say we're connected on a very basic level but believe we're connected on a super level. Why? Why do we concur that we as humans are connected on a level that supercedes our conscious? Of course, many of us are mind readers, but why have we leveraged this on such a high throat bar? 

We could say, if we speak it as true, it becomes true. But there's no proof for that, there has to be some truth that we are connected to the truth and it's there on the first or second rule, "It is what it is." We are on some level connected to the truth, but on what level? Well when we delve into it, on every level it has to offer. So by that case, we're connected to the truth on ever level, that means we're connected to other people on every level. 

As film making goes, you have to have a plan before you have a camera, that's what film schools teach. That's what every film school should teach. Only, I never really followed that rule growing up in film, I wanted to, it was my dream to be surrounded by likeminded individuals who thought you should have at least a script before you goto work, and the truth was, when I got to film school, it was so tragically bombasted by the new age notion that film should be free. And that bothered me deeply. So deeply that I never even did their bullshit essays to finish, I just kept fooling around with myself after not learning anything around people who just wanted to "film" without "filming."

Like. They tought film AND broadcast, so of course they're jerks because they're two different things, and then they say they're the same course. Full on blobe jacks. And what I mean by that is, "I don't mean anything by that. I have no idea what I'm saying with my artwork." Probably because I went to that film school. 

Film should only be taught one way. One day, you're given a premise in your mind, you run to the teacher and go, "I have something I want to film." And then they hit you rottenly for not having any paperwork. On top of that, they should require the work to be relevant, pass a screening process, and of all things "original." I would pay to be forced to learn in that environment, it would be worth my time. 

I should have gone into 3d animation, because at least then I would know how to act. 

So how would I make computerized thighs real? By making computerized consciousness real. 

So how do I do that?

So anyway...

WELCOME BACK TO HOW I MANRULE SOCIETY!

Duh dun dunuh

I stress that it's the jeopardy theme.

Lets have a toast. I would say we're leaning on perpetual doom and it's actually mercifully true, so how do we fix it? Fix society? No, fix the thing that came up with society? Also a yes, but no. We need to fix the laws and foundations of our entire self, we need to transcend into mortal men that consume only the appropriate ammount of feminine capabilities. I know someone who thinks "pity" isn't deserved when someone makes a mistake. Maybe multiple mistakes, in this case 4. It's about finding a duty in all this that I mend the possibility that I can't. Oh it's so hard, she has no pity... But what I've gained from this is the incarnate knowledge that pity is a sacred thing for a reason, and something run through DNA like a vulture. Lets take this for instance: We are connected to every human being based on one thing: chemistry. And people can gauge your chemistry based on how you act in a very sacred way. Your actions, your motions guide us because we're cursed to adapt. So we adapt to the other person, we make ourselves packmules for everything ESPECIALLY if we want something from that person. We weigh every option at this point, and we weigh everything in everything when we look at another person because they are truly outside of our comprehension. It is something so visionary I can't even describe empathy. It's truly a divorce from yourself and I would see Christ doing it had he not married himself, but more often than not I come to respect Christ because he knew the ultimate mortal lesson mankind had to offer was to make your way back to yourself after a lesson had been obtained. Processing is one thing, but if you cannot make a lesson alive within yourself, you have no providence to call yourself a being. I have touched many faces here, but never hers. I have cowered to nothing as sophisticated as her, and I will cower not to anything more than her. Nothing could possibly complicate me when it comes to her and I have a heart to prove that I too am masturbated out on a frequent basis. I too have enough seed and horsepower to perpetuate even a Charles Manson if I'm so tortured enough to possible raise an anomaly that would go outside and preach these teachings... Especially since I don't really know where I'm going and this is all one big draft. It's unfortunate that a deep web livestreamer can't make a face of complete torture like an otherwise flyboy can when he's raped, beaten, or tortured. They truly stay on the lamb in a way that I can only call "don't get caught." Don't get caught by that heart of yours, that brain of yours, that desicion tree of yours, society, anything that binds you here, if you let it grab you, you will seem to appeal to it's waste. Evolution is bullshit, evolution doesn't figure out shit for you. If we gave cavemen the build orders, within a generation, they could have a motherboard. Of course, bears, but they would start with bear repellant.

So where are we with the world? The world mysteriously can't keep itself stable. We are just here to rot until a few more generations where we're all living in a desert an nothing can come to grips with us anymore. I would have survived on this earth but not in a way that comes with the grief of having the planet be angry at me simply because someone said it was. I mean, the ozone is going away, but maybe the earth just doesn't fucking care enough to be mad. I WOULD HOPE SO. Then again, it's so old. Might be pretty fucking old. 

The law of the monkey's is old, but it comes down to the fact that if you want questions answered, you ask the old sage. The sage that speaks to the monkey tribe, the caveman that masters them. Their way, that is. The one that urges you to remember mother earth and the testament that although we have matured in a different way, we must not diverge from the path of our forgotten brothers. We make things but we are not chosen to diverge from the path of our creator. We are made not to merge with our intention towards feeling that creation taught us, because that was satanic. Original sin was satanic, that's why it's a sin. I guess Jesus saved the world from it, but how? I don't know there's no proof. There's the fact that God said Jesus was his son, but nothing about Jesus being right. Unless I skipped that part over? He said that one day he'd be there. But God never came to see Jesus, and I wonder why? Well, because God was there the whole time and Jesus was just sent there to remind us of him. Okay, so he must be the key here. God, the creator, the immaculate one. 

Anyway, the shelter really shouldn't give us TV, they expect too much out of us because we have them. They let literally anyone in. They should only take retired actors or something. There should be specialty shelters for people with some taste, I mean, come on!


